correspondent isma Abu Omar and
cameraman Ahmed Mata were reporting from
KH Unice in the southern Gaza Strip
before they were hit by missiles from an
Israeli drone they've been reporting on
the Palestinians displaced between Rafa
and KH
unit minutes later they would become the
story the Drone strike has left them
with catastrophic
injuries Al jaz's correspondent Ismael
Abu Omar arrived at a makeshift hospital
after suffering severe injuries he was
targeted by a drone missile at the
marage area upon examination his right
leg was already severed in addition to
shrapnel all across his chest and his
head as well as his left leg we suspect
his femoral artery was cut off at the
bottom of his leg he was given first aid
and then transferred here to the
European hospital he was bleeding
heavily to the point that his blood
pressure and pulse were not readable
this means he is in critical condition
akmad matar has suffered shrapnel wounds
to his head both men are in a serious
condition according to doctors the
government media office in Gaza says
it's the fifth time in this war that
journalists working for Al jazer have
been singled out it says they were
deliberately targeted in violation of
international law at least 126
journalists have been killed in Gaza
since October the 7th according to the
government
there
kanun Bernard Smith Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer